Hi Madam,
                                 This mail is regarding TCS Digital opening for freshers, which proclaimed hiring Graduates with new age digital skills. I would like you to  have a look into my profile for a position of 'Data Scientist' .
Relevant Data Science skills
Data Science with R (Intermediate Level)
Data Science with SAS (Intermediate Level)
I have done this certified course from Jigsaw Academy(Online), Bangalore.
Also I have done an online intrernship in R from IIM, Lucknow under the guidance of Prof. Sameer Mathur wherein I have solved and published 3 Business case Studies from Harvard University on Rpubs.
Also I have done an offline Internship in Data Analytics in RedQuanta based out of Malad, Mumbai where I drew insights regarding their client performance on ground level through the concept of Advanced Predictive Analytics along different Verticals and providing them Business Solutions. I have also provided Business solutions for TATA motors which was among one of the clients. 
I am well versed with Data science concepts like Analytics Methodology and problem Solving frameworks,Descriptive and Inferential Statistics, Hypothesis and Advanced Hypothesis testing,Data Manipulation, exploration ,preparation,Linear and Logistics regressions,Clustering models, Decision trees,Time Series Forecasting(Beginner Level).

Coding languages Known
C (Intermediate Level)
Python for Scripting (Intermediate Level)
Java(Intermediate Level)
SQL and PLSQL
 The Python Scripting course was certified from RST Forum, Matunga.
 Apart from this I have the following  Big data skills
Fundametals of Hadoop and Yarn
HDFS, MapReduce, Hive, Pig, Oozie, Sqoop, Flume, Zookeeper, HBase
Spark, Spark SQL, Streaming, DataFrame, RDD, 
Hadoop administration activities like Cluster Managing,monitoring,administration and troubleshooting.
Setting up Pseudo Node andf Multi Node cluster on Amazon EC2
All of these Big Data Skills have Beginner Level competency E0 done via online mode of Learning from Intellipaat.
                                                                                         Kindly reach me out if we have any openings for the following profile as a 'Data Scientist' or any matching profile as per the requirements. I will be eagerly waiting for your response from your end.
Please let me know in case of any concerns.

Warm Regards and BEST
Rajat Shrivastav
1500202
